The Madhyamaka is now the second Mahayanan school, and the Madhyamaka has three schools.
There are quite a few different schools, but a big one in the teaching management is two.
The Swatantra Madhyama school and Prasang Madhyama school in the Tibetan school is called Rangipa.
Rangipa and Prasang Madhya are also two big famous philosophy schools, two schools.
And what is the view of the Madhyama, these schools? The view is, in the teaching management,
both see every phenomenon existing as emptiness. Everything is emptiness.
All phenomena is existing which is really establishing true truth, relative truth and absolute
truth.
All this phenomena is existing, the relative truth. All this in nature is emptiness.
The relative truth, there is no substantial solid existing entity whatsoever, is all absolute level
, is the emptiness.
On the relative level, it appears as magically, magically, through the interdependent ordination
systems,
through the interdependent ordination, many combinations of all the cause and condition, appears as
magically appeared.
Because the way it is appeared is magically. When the beginning time it comes is magically, it is
like magically existing.
It is like magically, it is all, there is no substantial solid existing entity at all.
It is all like magical displays, relative truth. And the absolute level is totally emptiness.
This emptiness and the relative emptiness are absolute truth, relative truth of the apparent magic
display, both are inseparable union states.
So that is what here, also T.T. Megan, they all see everything as emptiness.
So it is an emptiness entity, like there is no substantial existence, but relative level it is,
everything is functioning as it is.
And that is really about the view of the Madhima schools. Madhima schools.
And then in the teaching of these two famous schools, the Swatantar Madhima school and the Prasang
ya Madhima schools,
it is slightly different to establishing that and to emphasize of the emptiness of true nature as
it is.
And the Swatantar Madhima schools coordinate teaching and many great masters often said,
they said, emptiness is on an absolute level is emptiness, on a relative level everything as
existing as it is.
So they have slightly two kinds of different steps. The absolute level is emptiness, relative level
, everything as it is, all magically, magically existing.
So not immediately say everything is an emptiness status. All emptiness is a poem, poem is
emptiness, not immediately as a theology.
So making two steps, in a way, one steps. Both these days, the absolute level, there is no, nothing
is existing.
As the great Shri Kya Buddha taught in the Heart Satra, for example, every tongue, no eye, no palm,
no nose, no tongue.
All that is an absolute level, not negated on the relative. That's what the Swatantar Madhima
schools say.
It's not negating that. And that is also more practical for the common, ever-ready person.
Immediately, for example, we meditate, there is no egoless, no egos, no egolessness.
So that means, on a relative level, we have the ego, or we have the eye. But it's not something
existing, it's holiday existing, it's an ocean.
We have ego. But the absolute level, no ego. So that is how, kind of step by step, these were Swat
antar Madhima schools, kind of mainly in the TKC.
Who are the masters of Swatantar Madhima schools? The famous one that we know. For example, our
great master, Chanda Rakhetar, Kamal Khila.
And Chanda Rakhetar's teacher, known as Jana Garba, those are known as Swatantar Madhima schools.
And then Nagar Jana is the father of all the Madhima schools. It's not divided with Swatantar Madh
ima, nor Prasang Madhima is the founder of the Madhima schools.
Within the Madhima school, then we can come later. Afterward, Nagar Jana, Swatantar Madhima school,
and Prasang Madhima school, those are teaching missions.
So it's brilliant. I'm talking really about how that happened. But both are, that is the view of
the, both in the absolute level, is the great master.
Chanda Rakhetar also said in his very famous philosophy text, Madhima Alankara, in absolute level,
there is even negation is not existing.
Negation is not existing, and that means what? We may say that no "I". No "I" means also conception
.
That is also not really existing, because absolutely goes beyond existing and non-existing beyond.
But he said, since there is no, I mean, also in his teaching, Chanda Rakhetar said, in his teaching
, in the absolute level, there is no birth, no death.
That's an origin of it. No birth, no death, or no birth, no seizing. No seizing. Seizing.
So in the Chanda Rakhetar, there is no birth, in the absolute level, there is no birth, even, and,
yeah, I'm sorry, even there is no negation existing.
Negation is not existing. That means negation, holding negation is grasping, clinging.
That is the entrance of the enlightenment or realisation. So that is.
And Prasang Madhyaman schools, the great masters, such as Chanda Kirti's and Shanti Deva's, those
are in teaching in the M.D.
and so many others in the Tibetan, mostly following Prasang Madhyaman schools, but however, also
the Prasang Madhyaman schools, too.
So those are really about the explanation of the according again, Zoki Point 11, and holding on the
will of the emptiness is, again, the detour of the enlightenment or realisation.
And with that, and then, of course, that's the will, and the meditation is a completely meditating
truth.
Meditation has meditating of the true egolessness, egolessness of the phenomena, egolessness of the
individual egolessness, and meditating on that state.
That is the meditation, combined with the perfect, beautiful conduct. Those conduct are known as
Mahayana, the Bodhisattva conduct, the conduct that will avoid all the negative activities,
and conduct of morality that will avoid all the negative ideas, and morality that gather in all the
virtuous activities, and morality that will help into all the beings, according to their readiness
or according to your capabilities.
Those are known as the three morality practices, and keeping up the three morality practices,
really accumulating true marriage with the six of our mothers, and meditating on the true egoless
ness status,
and achieving this pokaya or tikaya step, or advancing five boomies and ten boomies, and achieving
the Bodhisattva achieving enlightenment with the whole world.
So, that is really about the Mademaka's truth, Mademaka's truth. So, again, as I said, according to
the looking point of view, when you look at the looking point of view, still they're holding a kind
of morality emphasize too much on emptiness.
That's what they're seeking here to say, too. So, Mademaka apparently thinks all things are as
emptiness, that emptiness, that.
And then the next one is the Kriyat, and the practice of the Kriyat.